README.md, before:

# structural-color
Python package for modeling structural color in colloidal systems. See the
tutorial Jupyter notebook (tutorial.ipynb) for instructions on using the
package.

The original code was developed by Sofia Magkiriadou (with contributions from
Jerome Fung and others) during her research [1,2] in the
[Manoharan Lab at Harvard University](http://manoharan.seas.harvard.edu). This
research was supported by the National Science Foundation under grant number
DMR-1420570 and by an International Collaboration Grant (Grant No.
Sunjin-2010-002) from the Korean Ministry of Trade, Industry & Energy of Korea.
The code has since been updated. It now works in Python 3, and it can handle
quantities with dimensions (using [pint](https://github.com/hgrecco/pint)).

[1] Magkiriadou, S., Park, J.-G., Kim, Y.-S., and Manoharan, V. N. “Absence of Red Structural Color in Photonic Glasses, Bird Feathers, and Certain Beetles” *Physical Review E* 90, no. 6 (2014): 62302. doi:10.1103/PhysRevE.90.062302

[2] Magkiriadou, S. “Structural Color from Colloidal Glasses” (PhD Thesis, Harvard University, 2014): Available at http://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/14226099/MAGKIRIADOU-DISSERTATION-2015.pdf?sequence=1

Commit message:

update README.md with instructions for installing python-mie package

README.md, after:

# structural-color
Python package for modeling structural color in colloidal systems. See the
tutorial Jupyter notebook (tutorial.ipynb) for instructions on using the
package.

Requires the [python-mie (pymie)](https://github.com/manoharan-lab/python-mie)
package for Mie scattering calculations. To install:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/manoharan-lab/python-mie.git
pip install ./python-mie
```

To remove:

```shell
pip remove pymie
```

You might want to first set up a virtual environment and install the pymie
package there.

The original code was developed by Sofia Magkiriadou (with contributions from
Jerome Fung and others) during her research [1,2] in the
[Manoharan Lab at Harvard University](http://manoharan.seas.harvard.edu). This
research was supported by the National Science Foundation under grant number
DMR-1420570 and by an International Collaboration Grant (Grant No.
Sunjin-2010-002) from the Korean Ministry of Trade, Industry & Energy of Korea.
The code has since been updated. It now works in Python 3, and it can handle
quantities with dimensions (using [pint](https://github.com/hgrecco/pint)).

[1] Magkiriadou, S., Park, J.-G., Kim, Y.-S., and Manoharan, V. N. “Absence of
Red Structural Color in Photonic Glasses, Bird Feathers, and Certain Beetles”
*Physical Review E* 90, no. 6 (2014): 62302. doi:10.1103/PhysRevE.90.062302

[2] Magkiriadou, S. “Structural Color from Colloidal Glasses” (PhD Thesis,
Harvard University, 2014): Available at
http://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/14226099/MAGKIRIADOU-DISSERTATION-2015.pdf?sequence=1
